feat: Add instructions for guest posts (#239)
eslint/eslint.org: src/content/drafts/README.md

# Write for the ESLint blog

Have you had an interesting experience with ESLint? Want to share it with the rest of the world? Writing a blog post for the ESLint blog helps get the word out and also contributes valuable information to the ESLint community as a whole. 

## How it works

Writing for the ESLint blog works like this:

1. You write an awesome post related to ESLint (ideas below).
1. The ESLint team helps you edit and revise the post to make it as good as it can be.

> 1. You get paid $300 USD for your post.

Reviewer: The standard hourly rate for team members also applies to the blog post, right?

Author: We need to discuss in TSC because we didn’t make this distinction when we decided on this. I’d like it to be $300 regardless.

Not sure if your idea is suitable for the ESLint blog? Stop by the [#blog](https://eslint.org/chat/blog) channel on Discord and ask the team.

## How to submit a blog post

1. Fork this repository.
1. Create a new file in the `src/content/drafts` folder. Please do not include a date in the filename. (`my-great-blog-post.md` not `2022-06-30-my-great-blog-post.md`) The ESLint team will publish your post at a later date. Please see the existing blog posts in `src/content/blog` to include the correct frontmatter in your post.
1. If you have any images, add them to `src/assets/images/blog/XXXX` where `XXXX` is the current year.
1. Run `node tools/add-author.js username`, where `username` is your GitHub username. This will put all of the information from your GitHub profile for use in the site.
1. Edit your bio in `_includes/partials/author_bios/username.md` (where `username` is your GitHub username). This file can contain Markdown to embed in the blog post.
1. Send a pull request to this repository.

>   * The title of the pull request should be `"feat: blog: My great blog post"` (use your actual post title)

Reviewer 2: Conventional Commits would tend toward `feat(blog:` here. Should we follow that?

Author: Our commit message checker doesn’t currently accept that format.

  * In the description, please include 2-4 sentences explaining the overall topic of the blog post.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**Do I need to write the whole blog post first?**

Yes. We can't give feedback on partial posts. If you're not sure whether or not the post is appropriate for the blog, please stop by the [#blog](https://eslint.org/chat/blog) channel on Discord and ask the team.

**How can I preview my blog post?**

When you run `npm start`, a local website will start up. Your post will be the top one on `/blog`. This preview works only locally and in the Netlify deploy preview; it will not show up on the live site until it has been scheduled.

**How will I get paid?**

> You will be paid through [Open Collective](https://opencollective.org). Open Collective uses PayPal and Wise to initiate payments. We cannot make payments in any other way.

Author: ```suggestion
You will be paid through [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/eslint). Open Collective uses PayPal and Wise to initiate payments. We cannot make payments in any other way. You will receive instructions once your post is merged. 
```
